---
title: The New Solidus.io
date: 2018-06-06
tags: Solidus
author: Solidus Core Team
---

You may have noticed that we rolled out a brand new look and feel to
[Solidus.io](https://solidus.io) last month. We wanted a new site that better
communicates Solidus' strengths and a platform, and we hope that you agree that
what we've done is more meaningful than [the old site][old-solidus-site].

What is the meaning we want to convey? **Solidus enables you to build modern,
full-featured ecommerce stores that scale.** Solidus developers already knew
this, but it's time that we communicate *how* Solidus can solve ecommerce
problems from a C-level and business owner perspective.

[old-solidus-site]: https://web.archive.org/web/20180224083236/https://solidus.io/

## Better Messaging

The old Solidus site was written for developers. We were selling Solidus on a
technical level to the people who would be choosing an ecommerce platform. We
still need to communicate to developers how Solidus can benefit them. **But we
realized that developers need help selling Solidus to non-developers.**

Our challenge became two-fold: continue explaining to developers why Solidus is
awesome, and start showing decision makers how the Solidus platform can benefit
their company.

We ended up offering messages to both a developer and a business audience:

![Messaging for decision makers or developers](2018-06-06-the-new-solidus.io/for-decision-makers-and-developers.png)

And highlighting the kinds of information that developers already know and
business people might be happy to learn. Solidus is *free*. Developers love
Solidus and actively contribute to it:

![GitHub springboard and annual sales widgets](2018-06-06-the-new-solidus.io/github-springboard-and-annual-sales.png)

But really, most of our time went into making all of the words we use to
describe Solidus clear and to the point:

- Solidus is stable, secure, and scalable. [Its core features go a long
  way](/features).
- We have [a team of experienced developers](/developers) committed to Solidus.
- Solidus is extensible and [extensions are powerful](/extensions).

## Better Docs

In addition to Solidus.io, we've just launched the [Solidus
Guides](https://guides.solidus.io) for developers. Solidus includes a lot of
functionality, and until now there hasn't been a good way to help developers
who are new to Solidus, or new to ecommerce, get a handle on accessing all of
its power. 

![Solidus Guides article](2018-06-06-the-new-solidus.io/solidus-guides.png)

We will have lots of work to do. More documentation is being added regularly,
and in the next phase we'll be adding guides for end users (like your customer
support team!), too.

## New Colors

We picked a new, more muted color palette for the Solidus brand. Right now,
both Solidus.io and the Solidus Guides share this new color palette. We will be
rolling out the new branding to the Solidus admin interface and other Solidus
properties, too.

The new colors communicate professionalism, openness, and stability: values
that we know good business people share with the Solidus platform.

![New Solidus brand colors](2018-06-06-the-new-solidus.io/new-colors.png)

While colors are just a small part of the overall message, we want to look
attractive to both developers and the people making the business decisions.

